# hello-world
My first repository!

Hello, world! Ha ha, guess that intro is rather fitting for the whole context of this repository. For those who don't know--which is probably everybody reading this--I am a high school student, currently going into his Junior year. This past year at high school, I took two programming classes; Web Design and Computer Programming. The former is quite obvious that I learned the current styles of HTML and CSS. The latter is a bit broad, but in that course, we used a program called CodeHS to learn the absolute basics of Java. Throughout both courses, we refined our skills in each of the languages and applied them by creating small projects. In Web Design class, I obviously created a few web pages with various amounts of content. In Computer Programming class, we were assigned small problems that we had to create code for as a working program. For instance, "Write a program that capitalizes every other letter in a String inputted by the user," would be just one example of the types of programs we had to write. Now, as a student who has many focuses in school alone, I actually found a lot of interest in those two classes that I took. Because of that, I decided to dedicate my own time to teaching myself more languages. Thus, how we both ended up here; you reading this, and me writing this. At the time of me composing this, I have absolutely little to no knowledge in general coding. Granted, those classes did teach me the basics of Java, HTML, and CSS, but only enough to pass me a high school level class. My sister was actually the one who told me about GitHub, so I guess here I am. I'm hoping to upload any future projects that I make to here to get the proper feedback and collaboration that I need to develop my skills as a new coder. Thanks for reading, and I hope to see you soon!
